oh I'm so glad we released that Panther
for spike to play with
oh I distracted the Panther so you
should be safe for now dear Twilight I
reluctantly write to you about your
official duties as princess of the night
as princess you must be present for an
upcoming wedding and I have also
arranged to keep your annoying friends
busy Fluttershy I would like you to draw
a maze in one minute that takes two
minutes to solve I can do that I'll make
it a circle Pinkie Pie's your dialogue
will be cut for time it's Applejack you
will be writing all thousand speeches
well who died on Apple barbecue Rainbow
Dash just sit perfectly still and try
not to break anything
yes rarity you will be responsible for
literally everything else in the
ceremony and as for you Twilight though
tradition demands you be present I
expect to see as little of you as
possible
with dread but cautious optimism
Princess Celestia but this is just paper
I wanted a present oh um maybe she put
some stickers or a gift card in here PS
you will be attending the wedding of
Princess cadance not evil good pony and
my brother your brothers Francis Sparkle
I didn't know you were related to the
lead singer of pop band baby BFF you
know I don't like to brag Francis said
when he left with his band that he would
come back for me that's the only reason
I allowed him to leave yep why lied it's
majorly uncool they didn't find out
about the sooner you're so smart and
pretty and a way better match for
Francis
you're so beautiful to are light or wish
we could be together sandwich I told you
I don't have feelings for you I'm
holding out for mr. right and that's my
brother um Twilight you're even scaring
me I'm sorry it's just that I always
thought I was the one for my brother I'm
in love with him we're not biologically
related oh and I will raise side-by-side
but he was actually adopted so
technically it's okay that I'm also
attractive and I gave you my heart and
then it turns
the secrets that we shared the moans
that you hear I gave you my heart and
you turn
we went streaking in the park skinny
dipping after dark I gave you my heart
and when you turn
depressing melodies surprising fantasy I
gave you my heart and let me turn
I always wanted my own brother and then
he showed up at our door I didn't
question where he came from
I wasn't lonely anymore soon we did
everything together
he taught me how to fly a kite I watched
him grow into a stallion
I watched him sleep in bed at night it's
not creepy but then II signed that
record label a keeper antenna for sound
but nothing everybody listened
I'm
to have the world in my control I
vaporize the competition nobody
understands me it's not evil
and here a bunch of fun
take it
this is
see I do and see their soul together
lave our love will last forever and so
we're not related
we'll be okay
so different now from what it seemed now
life has killed the dream I dreamed that
was the creepiest thing I've ever heard